RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy?

After simulating the code for Random vs Random multiple times I have concluded
that P2 has a slight advantage over P1. This is conclusion is based on the fact that
the win probability percentage for P2 always hovered around 50% and around 45% for
P1 with the rest of the games being a draw.


2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:

I believe that the speaker in the video Jake Vanderplas made some really great points. I also
have tried doing statistics using only math and python and usually find that coding to solve the problem
is usually easier but also allows for visualization to help you understand the question even better and
have a better thought and understood answer. The idea of bootstrapping is new to very interesting to me
and is something that I would like to learn more about. The cross validation technique also intrigues me as
we are living in a world of AI, and it's something that I would personally want to play around with. Overall, I
think that the speaker provided many great points and techniques to help when doing statistics, although I would say
some of the techniques look like they would require a good foundation of knowledge and experience despite to be
understood completely despite the code looking simple.

4) H0 is: Using a random strategy P2 has an advantage over P1

5) Ha is: Using a random strategy P2 does not have an advantage over P1

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results support H0, so they do not support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0

A simple example could see us using the bootstrap method. I have added the Java class to this
repo titled HypothesisTesting.java. In the code I am running 10000 games and adding the winner of each game to an
ArrayList. Then we are randomly sampling from the array 20000 times and using those stats to run the numbers again.
The outcome of the code supports my H0.

References:
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413